VS 1036 documenting quotas (#8649)
broadinstitute/gatk: scripts/variantstore/docs/aou/AOU_DELIVERABLES.md

- Create a Terra workspace
  - Request a new AoU workspace as described in Section 3.D. of [AoU DRC Protocols](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ooK0wbHLgSueiepjTTyLLI6Zz7vi1-GhKTjmCd8ZHwU/edit?usp=sharing).
  - As described in the "Getting Started" of [Operational concerns for running Hail in Terra Cromwell/WDL](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_OY2rKwZ-qKCDldSZrte4jRIZf4eAw2d7Jd-Asi50KE/edit?usp=sharing), this workspace will need permission in Terra to run Hail dataproc clusters within WDL. Contact Emily to request this access as part of setting up the new workspace.
  - There is a quota that needs to be upgraded for the process of Bulk Ingest.

>     When we ingest data, we use the Write API, which is part of BQ’s Storage API. Since we are hitting this API with so much data all at once, we want to increase our CreateWriteStream quota. Follow the [Quota Request Template](workspace/gvs-bulk-ingest-details.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When we ingest data, we use the Write API, which is part of BQ’s Storage API. Since we are hitting this API with so much data all at once, we want to increase our CreateWriteStream quota. Follow the [Quota Request Template](workspace/CreateWriteStreamRequestIncreasedQuota.md).
```
